but the phenomenon with try has been
really interesting for me to process
because it wasn't something I expected
at all
I didn't really even expect the book to
sell you know for me it was so personal
I was surprised that people responded it
to it so well and and now it just amazes
me to watch how you online how people
get into the characters and how
important it is to them I get emails
from people who feel like my book has
actually changed their life which for me
I mean it changed my life
and I loved having the chance to really
live in the characters but I would
surprise other people have that same
experience
I got the idea for Twilight from a dream
and it sounds kind of cheesy but it was
a great dream I woke up from it and just
sat there thinking about these
characters it was the meadow scene in
the novel is basically the dream that I
had and when I woke up I wanted to know
what would happen to them nach no how
would they work out this situation and
so I sat down I was afraid of forgetting
the dream because it was so good and I
sat down to write it out and so that
first day I wrote 10 pages and pretty
much all of chapter 13 and then after
that I just wanted to know what was
going to happen so I never sat down to
write a novel it was just a chance to
kind of play with the characters in my
head and when I finished it no one was
more shocked than me that I'd actually
finished a book
I get letters from quite a few boys and
and they seem to really enjoy the Cullen
aspect the idea of these creatures who
are so strong so powerful and yet try so
hard to be good
well creating your own mythology is tons
of fun I highly recommend it because you
just get to play with the rules and do
whatever you want and construct
something that is just your playground
and I love that
the writer naturally you hope that
people go see the film and want to know
more and go out and see how the book
matches up with it and and find out
there's more information that you that
you aren't getting I also hope that they
come out of it with a sense that the
readers seem to that this isn't just
another vampire story that there's maybe
something more there and and that they
feel the same feelings that people feel
read in the book that makes them want
more and find out what it and to find
out what happens next and to care about
the characters